Update Docs - Remove Screenshots, Reorganize content, Fix style concerns (#17)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-agents: website/docs/cloud-docs/agents/agents.mdx

---
page_title: Terraform Cloud Agents - Install and Run Agents - Terraform Cloud and Terraform Enterprise
description: >-
  Install, configure, and run agents on your own infrastructure.
---

# Install and Run Agents

The agent software runs on your own infrastructure. The token you provide when starting the agent assigns it to a Terraform Cloud [agent pool](/cloud-docs/agents/agent-pools).

## Operational Considerations

> Agents do not guarantee a clean working environment per Terraform execution. Each execution is performed in its own temporary directory with a clean environment, but references to absolute file paths or other machine state may cause interference between Terraform executions. We strongly recommend that you write your Terraform code to be stateless and idempotent. You may also want to consider using [single-execution mode](#optional-configuration-single-execution-mode) to ensure your agent only runs a single workload.

Author: hmm i'm going to use "occurs" instead, as I think it more accurately describes what's happening now that we changed this. Basically the agent is executing in a clean environment each time.

| `patch`        | The agent only updates to the newest patch version, new minor versions require a manual update. |
| `disabled`     | Disables automatic updates, all updates are manual.

## Start the Agent

To start the agent and connect it to a Terraform Cloud agent pool:

1. Retrieve the [token](/cloud-docs/agents/agent-pools#create-an-agent-pool) from the Terraform Cloud agent pool you want to use.
1. Set the `TFC_AGENT_TOKEN` environment variable.
1. (Optional) Set the `TFC_AGENT_NAME` environment variable. This name is for your reference only. The agent ID appears in logs and API requests.

```
export TFC_AGENT_TOKEN=your-token
export TFC_AGENT_NAME=your-agent-name
./tfc-agent
```
Once complete, your agent and its status appear on the **Agents** page in the Terraform Cloud UI. Workspaces can now use this agent pool for runs. Refer to [Configure Workspaces to Use the Agent](/cloud-docs/agents/agent-pools#configure-workspaces-to-use-the-agent) for details.

### Optional Configuration: Run an Agent Using Docker

Alternatively, you can use our official agent Docker container to run the agent.

```
docker pull hashicorp/tfc-agent:latest

> docker run -e TFC_AGENT_TOKEN=your-token -e
> TFC_AGENT_NAME=your-agent-name hashicorp/tfc-agent

Author: ```suggestion
docker run -e TFC_AGENT_TOKEN=your-token -e TFC_AGENT_NAME=your-agent-name hashicorp/tfc-agent
```

> TFC_AGENT_NAME=your-agent-name hashicorp/tfc-agent

Author: fixed - thank you!!

```

> This Docker image executes the tfc-agent process as the non-root tfc-agent user. For some workflows, such as those that require the ability to install software via apt-get during local-exec scripts, you may need to build a customized version of the agent Docker image for your internal use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Docker image executes the `tfc-agent` process as the non-root `tfc-agent` user. For some workflows, such as workflows requiring the ability to install software using `apt-get` during `local-exec` scripts, you may need to build a customized version of the agent Docker image for your internal use.
```
Suggest putting instances of tfc-agent, apt-get, and local-exec in backticks to set them apart.

Suggest changing "via" to "using" to avoid Latin words.

---

> page_title: Terraform Cloud Agents - Managing Agents - Terraform Cloud and Terraform Enterprise

Author: ```suggestion
page_title: Terraform Cloud Agents - Install and Run Agents - Terraform Cloud and Terraform Enterprise
```

description: >-
  Install, configure, and run agents on your own infrastructure.
---

# Install and Run Agents

The agent software runs on your own infrastructure. The token you provide when starting the agent assigns it to a Terraform Cloud [agent pool](/cloud-docs/agents/agent-pools).

## Operational Considerations

> The agent is distributed as a standalone binary which can be run on any supported system. By default, the agent runs in the foreground as a long-running process that will continuously poll for workloads from Terraform Cloud. We strongly recommend pairing the agent with a process supervisor to ensure that it is automatically restarted in case of an error.

Author: ```suggestion
The agent is distributed as a standalone binary which can be run on any supported system. By default, the agent runs in the foreground as a long-running process that continuously polls for workloads from Terraform Cloud. We strongly recommend pairing the agent with a process supervisor to ensure that it is automatically restarted in case of an error.
```

> The agent is distributed as a standalone binary which can be run on any supported system. By default, the agent will run in the foreground as a long-running process that will continuously poll for workloads from Terraform Cloud. We strongly recommend pairing the agent with a process supervisor to ensure that it is automatically restarted in case of an error.

Author: ```suggestion
The agent is distributed as a standalone binary which can be run on any supported system. By default, the agent runs in the foreground as a long-running process that will continuously poll for workloads from Terraform Cloud. We strongly recommend pairing the agent with a process supervisor to ensure that it is automatically restarted in case of an error.
```
